# seattle-Auctioneer
Patrick's high roller results stem from a combination of experience and several of his talents. Patrick has performed professionally as a comedian for over 20 years after starting out as an improvisational performer with several comedic improv troupes. Patrick was a member of Theatre Sports in Seattle &amp; also a traveling improv group called This Instant. As a comedian, Patrick has performed in 100's of comedy clubs all over the country. He has shared the stage with Dane Cook, Rosie O'Donnel, Drew Carey, &amp; many more professional comedians.
What if you had the talent to encourage people to spend thousands & thousands of dollars for charity and have the donors enjoy giving it at the same time? Patrick Sean has made a career out of getting Gala guests to reach into their pockets, donate money for a good cause and smile while doing it. For that reason, Patrick Sean has devoted his full time to ensure that organizations get the best results while raising money to support their mission.

Patrick's high roller results stem from a combination of experience and several of his talents. Patrick has performed professionally as a comedian for over 20 years after starting out as an improvisational performer with several comedic improv troupes. Patrick was a member of Theatre Sports in Seattle & also a traveling improv group called This Instant. As a comedian, Patrick has performed in 100's of comedy clubs all over the country. He has shared the stage with Dane Cook, Rosie O'Donnel, Drew Carey, & many more professional comedians.

It was on the road that Patrick realized that was not a life he wanted for him or his family. Following his heart, Patrick decided to use his comfort in front of an audience and his love of humor, to benefit others. Patrick Sean Auctions was born and the sole focus is to help organizations raise as much as possible to further their cause.
https://patrickseanauctions.com/
